Did you see it, brother?
He, Zhao Santong, conceded defeat
From now on, you are not allowed to enter my house for half a step
The boy did a bad thing to this king
We'll see.
What's your name?
Would you like to stay in my house and listen?
When I came with the Queen Sword
He is exactly like Zhang Mingchang
Certainly not chocolate
Just me and him
Maybe I can travel back again
Don't worry, princess.
I must work hard
Good, then name you
Commander of the Guard
Thank you princess
Princess
He just came to the house
How can you hold the position of commander?
If you can kill this Zhao Santong for me
I'll let you do it too
Hey, hey.
Is this the princess taking a bath?
This body is like a beautiful woman owner
I'm rushing in now and putting her to sleep
Wouldn't it be possible to travel back?
Hey, here comes my chance
How can Caiyun last for a few days?
Your hands are a lot rougher
Don't make trouble, these days are very tiring.
Give me a massage
Who the hell can stand this?
Stop